those are created to be
displayed at a 60-degree upward
slant to compensate for lower TV
stand Heights to produce the
most natural viewing experience
and when you add an almost
invisible bezel concealed touch
sensors and the combination of
both glossy and matte finishes
the impact is undeniable
in fact these slim stylish TVs
look spectacular whether there
on or off
thanks to advanced motion
processing technology for fast
moving scenes in movies and
sporting events and other
picture enhancement features we
believe that your favorite
entertainment deserves the best
of televisions
sony televisions sony was the
first company to provide
onsumers with the ability to
access content from the internet
internet via our bravia internet
video platform and an ethernet
connection we still command the
largest selection of internet
video there are